Addition of `README.md` to Intro-to-R-tidyverse training module (#151)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: intro-to-R-tidyverse/README.md

# Intro to R and Tidyverse Training Module

> This CCDL-designed module covers the introduction to R and the Tidyverse package. It is designed to be taught in 1.5 hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CCDL-designed module introduces the R programming language and some [tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org/) packages. 
The tidyverse is a collection of packages designed for data science. 
It is designed to be taught in 1.5 hours. 
```
One sentence per line

Author: This is what I thought, but I was also a bit confused whether or not that should apply here given the format of the [RNA-seq README](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/b92055b3292b38a1bf42e363d32e33b097f25541/RNA-seq).

Reviewer: When the markdown renders like in what you've linked above, you won't see the new line as a break between the two sentences. If we look at the raw file, each sentence is on its own line: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/master/RNA-seq/README.md

Checkout the third paragraph of https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/blob/master/USAGE.md#manubot-markdown for some more info.

Author: Ahh, understood. Thank you.

> It goes through the basics of R _(including data types, data structures, and good scientific coding practices)_ and the tidyverse package _(including dplyr pipes, common tidyverse functions, and the usage of ggplot2 for data visualization)_, thus providing the tools needed to move onto the subsequent training modules. 

Reviewer: Can you note the Docker container in here, mirroring: https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/tree/b92055b3292b38a1bf42e363d32e33b097f25541/RNA-seq

The notebooks that comprise this module are: 

> * [A quick guide to RStudio](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/intro-to-R-tidyverse/00a-rstudio_guide.md) 

Reviewer: Remove any reference to the `00` notebooks from this list to be consistent with the RNA-seq module README.
